male announcer:
IN THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM,
SEXUALLY BASED OFFENSES ARE
CONSIDERED ESPECIALLY HEINOUS.
IN NEW YORK CITY,
THE DEDICATED DETECTIVES
WHO INVESTIGATE
THESE VICIOUS FELONIES
ARE MEMBERS
OF AN ELITE SQUAD
KNOWN AS
THE SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT.
THESE ARE THEIR STORIES.
- UGH, REALLY?
YOU DRAGGED ME OUT
TO A MIDNIGHT MOVIE?
- IT'S THE ORIGINAL
DAWN OF THE DEAD.
- WE CAN NETFLIX IT
AT HOME.
- COME ON,
YOU'LL HAVE FUN.
BESIDES, DID I MENTION
THE THEATER SERVES BOOZE?
- DID I MENTION HOW MUCH
I LOVE MIDNIGHT MOVIES?
[car alarm blares]
- HEY! GET AWAY
FROM MY CAR!
- [screams] OH, MY GOD!
- TRIED TO KILL...
- [grunts]
[car alarm blaring]
- PATTY, CALL 9-1-1!
- JUST DO SOMETHING!
- [groans]
- [screams]
- A BYSTANDER
YANKED THE KNIFE OUT?
- AND UNCORKED THE ARTERY.
WHEN IT STARTED SPURTING,
THE GIRLFRIEND TRIED
STICKING IT BACK IN.
- EVERYONE GRABBING THIS THING,
PERP'S PRINTS ARE LONG GONE.
- CROTCH THE ONLY
STAB WOUND?
- ANOTHER TO THE ABDOMEN
AND A DEFENSIVE CUT
ON HIS RIGHT HAND.
VICTIM'S LUCKY
HIS B.A.C. WAS .19.
BEING DRUNK PROBABLY
BLUNTED THE PAIN.
- NO WONDER
HE COULDN'T FIND HIS CAR.
- BIGGEST PROBLEM IS,
HE BANGED HIS HEAD
AND HIS BRAIN
STARTED BLEEDING.
AND WE OPERATED
AND STABILIZED HIM,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
HE'S STILL COMATOSE.
- GOT A NAME?
- JOHN DOE.
NO WALLET,
NO I.D., NO PHONE.
ONLY THINGS ON HIM
WERE CAR KEYS
AND A BLOODY PARKING STUB
IN HIS POCKET.
- WELL,
WE'LL FINGERPRINT HIM,
GET A DNA SWAB,
MAYBE I.D. HIM THAT WAY.
- GOOD LUCK.
- THANKS.
- SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
SEX CRIME, REVENGE ATTACK,
BOTCHED ROBBERY?
- HOW ABOUT
ALL OF THE ABOVE?
[Law & Order theme]
*
- GUY SEEMED NORMAL WHEN HE
PULLED IN AND TOOK HIS TICKET.
HE EVEN SMILED AT ME
AS HE HEADED OUT.
- FAST FORWARD
TO WHEN HE CAME BACK.
[typing on keyboard]
- BY THEN HE WAS EFFED UP.
DRUNK.
BANGED ON MY WINDOW,
WANTED HELP
FINDING HIS CAR.
- YOU HELP HIM OUT?
- MM-MMM.
BOSS DOESN'T LIKE ME
LEAVING THE BOOTH.
- YOU HAVE A CUSTOMER
WITH A KNIFE
STICKING OUT
OF HIS CROTCH.
- THE COUNTER'S IN THE WAY.
I NEVER SAW IT.
- RIGHT.
THANKS FOR YOUR HELP.
- UH-HUH.
[tires squealing]
- GET ANYTHING?
- COUPLE OF BLOODY SHOE PRINTS.
I SENT PATROL
TO TRACK 'EM BACK
TO WHERE OUR VICTIM
WAS CUT UP.
- LIV, ELLIOTT,
LEVEL TWO, EAST STAIRWELL.
- JOHN DOE'S CAR.
- WENT AROUND
CLICKING HIS REMOTE.
DOORS ON THIS ONE POPPED.
- SAME MAKE AND MODEL AS
THE ONE HE TRIED BREAKING INTO.
- YEAH, WELL,
GETTING KNIFED IN THE NADS
HAS A WAY
OF CONFUSING YOU.
- WELL, OUR JOHN DOE'S
REAL NAME IS JERRY BULLARD.
LIVES ON WEST 74TH.
- YEAH?
AND HE WORKS
AT A PLACE CALLED B.A.S.
- THAT STANDS FOR
"BULLARD AVIATION SYSTEMS."
- "AFGHANISTAN DEPLOYMENT:
JUNE 2011."
- THE GUY KILLS PEOPLE
FOR A LIVING.
- KILL PEOPLE?
NO, JERRY DESIGNS TIRES
ON THESE THINGS,
LANDING GEAR, STRUTS.
BORING STUFF HE LEARNED
IN THE AIR FORCE.
- SO, YOU DON'T THINK
THE ATTACK ON YOUR HUSBAND
WAS WORK-RELATED?
- HE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE
A SECURITY CLEARANCE.
- MOM, WHAT'S GOING ON?
- JANETTE,
YOUR DAD'S BEEN HURT.
- WHAT?
- NOW, EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE FINE.
HE'S ALREADY
AT THE HOSPITAL.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW DID HE GET BACK
FROM D.C. SO QUICKLY?
- WELL, ACTUALLY,
HE NEVER WENT.
WE FOUND HIS SUITCASE
AND HIS BOARDING PASS
IN HIS CAR.
- BUT HE HAD MEETINGS
AT THE PENTAGON TODAY.
WE HAD DINNER WITH HIM
BEFORE HE LEFT FOR LA GUARDIA.
- HE KISSED US BOTH GOOD-BYE.
- MRS. BULLARD,
IF YOU DON'T MIND,
WE'D LIKE TO ASK YOU
A FEW PERSONAL QUESTIONS.
- WE DON'T HAVE SECRETS
IN THIS FAMILY.
- OKAY.
UM, DID YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND
HAVE ANY MARITAL PROBLEMS?
- WHY?
- WELL, THE ASSAULT
HAD SEXUAL OVERTONES TO IT
AND MAY BE THE ACTIONS
OF A SPURNED LOVER.
- JERRY BULLARD
WAS NOT HAVING AN AFFAIR.
HE'S AS VANILLA
AS THEY COME,
AND OUR SEX LIFE
IS GREAT.
- MOM, EW.
- HOW ABOUT YOU,
JANETTE?
DID YOU NOTICE ANYTHING OFF
ABOUT YOUR FATHER LATELY?
WAS HE DIFFICULT
TO GET ON THE PHONE OR...
- DAD'S BEEN TOTALLY NORMAL.
AND HE IS A PRUDE.
HE DIDN'T LET ME START DATING
TILL I WAS 15.
- [laughs]
- CAN WE GO SEE HIM NOW?
- OF COURSE, SWEETHEART.
GO GRAB MY BAG.
GO ON.
PLEASE. FIND THE PERSON
WHO DID THIS.
JERRY IS OUR WHOLE LIFE.
- AND BULLARD
AVIATION SOLUTIONS
CAN HELP YOU GO
WHEELS UP
IN ACHIEVING
YOUR FLIGHT SYSTEM SUCCESS.
AS PRESIDENT OF B.A.S...
- OUR VICTIM AS CLEAN
AS HE LOOKS?
- SQUEAKY.
- I GUARANTEE IT.
- NICE FAMILY,
NO WORK TROUBLES.
HE WAS SCHEDULED TO FLY OUT
OF LA GUARDIA LAST NIGHT,
BUT NO BRIDGE, TUNNEL, OR TOLL
SHOWS HIM LEAVING MANHATTAN.
- WELL, WHEREVER HE WENT,
IT MUST'VE BEEN
WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE
OF THAT GARAGE.
YOU FIND
THE ACTUAL CRIME SCENE?
- WELL, PATROL
TRIED BACKTRACKING
THE BLOODY FOOTPRINTS,
BUT THEY CRISSCROSSED
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
IT WAS LIKE
BULLARD WANDERED AIMLESSLY
AFTER HE WAS ATTACKED.
- ANY IDEA
WHERE HE GOT DRUNK?
- WELL, THE WIFE SAID
HE LEFT THE HOUSE
SOBER AS A JUDGE,
AND WE COULDN'T FIND
A SINGLE BAR IN THE AREA
THAT SAID
THAT THEY SERVED HIM.
- SO, WE GOT NO CRIME SCENE,
AND OUR VICTIM
IS STILL IN A COMA.
WE GOT NOTHING.
- EXCEPT A SUSPECT.
BUNCH OF PEOPLE
SAW THE NEIGHBORHOOD WEIRDO
WEARING BLOODY CLOTHES
THAT NIGHT.
- "NEIGHBORHOOD WEIRDO"?
- HIS NAME'S ALDO.
WORD IS HE STARTED OFF
A NORMAL GUY.
ITALIAN IMMIGRANT, WIFE,
JOB AT THE BUTCHER SHOP.
- WELL,
THEN WHAT HAPPENED?
- A YEAR AGO, HE CUT OFF
A COUPLE OF HIS FINGERTIPS
ON THE SLICER.
THEN HE GETS FIRED,
HIS WIFE SPLITS,
AND HE STARTS WALKING
THE STREETS, ACTING ODD,
SCARING PEOPLE.
AROUND THERE, THEY CALL HIM
THE NIGHT STALKER.
- ARE YOU SURE
THIS GUY'S OUT HERE?
ALL I'VE SEEN
IN THE LAST HALF HOUR
IS A FIVE-POUND RAT.
- YEAH, YOU GOT IT BAD?
I JUST SAW A TRANSVESTITE
WHO LOOKS LIKE MUNCH.
- [laughs]
MY APOLOGIES.
- HOLD ON A SECOND.
WE MAY HAVE MOVEMENT.
- IS IT
THE NIGHT STALKER?
- FITS THE DESCRIPTION.
AND I'LL BE DAMNED
IF HE STILL ISN'T WEARING
THE BLOODY SHIRT.
HE'S COMING RIGHT TO YOU.
- I'LL ENGAGE,
YOU FLANK.
EXCUSE ME. SIR?
POLICE. CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A MOMENT?
- HOW YOU DOING, ALDO?
- LEAVE ME ALONE!
I--I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!
- ALDO, WHY DO YOU HAVE BLOOD
ALL OVER YOUR SHIRT?
- AND WHY ARE YOU
ACTING SO SQUIRRELY?
LET'S GO.
- LET GO OF ME!
I'M NOT HURTING ANYONE!
I JUST WANNA GO TO SLEEP!
WHY WON'T ANYONE
LET ME SLEEP?!
[pounds table]
- WHY WON'T ANYONE
LET ME SLEEP?
- ALDO, I'M DR. HUANG.
I'M A PSYCHIATRIST.
- I JUST WANT TO SLEEP.
- THE DETECTIVES ASKED ME
TO SPEAK TO YOU ABOUT A RUN-IN
THAT YOU MIGHT'VE HAD
WITH THIS MAN.
DO YOU RECOGNIZE HIM?
- WHAT DAY IS THIS?
- WEDNESDAY.
BUT WE THINK YOU
MIGHT'VE SEEN HIM ON MONDAY
BETWEEN 8:30 AND MIDNIGHT.
- WHO ARE YOU AGAIN?
- I'M DR. HUANG.
SO, DO YOU RECOGNIZE
THIS MAN?
- I THINK SO.
WAS IT LAST YEAR?
- ALDO, DO YOU HAVE TROUBLE
KEEPING TRACK OF TIME?
- YES.
BUT NOT BECAUSE I'M CRAZY.
IT'S BECAUSE I NEVER SLEEP.
- YOU'VE BEEN HAVING
INSOMNIA LATELY?
- FOR A YEAR.
- YOU MUST DOZE OFF AT TIMES.
EVEN WITH INSOMNIA,
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO AVOID HAVING
WHAT ARE CALLED MICRO-SLEEPS.
- NO, NO, NO,
I NEVER SLEEP!
NOT ONE NIGHT,
NOT ONE SECOND!
I TAKE SLEEPING PILLS,
BUT NOTHING HELPS.
MY BRAIN,
IT WON'T WORK ANYMORE.
I CAN'T GET MYSELF
TO THINK RIGHT.
- LOSING FOCUS
CAUSED YOUR ACCIDENT AT WORK.
- SLICER CUT OFF
TWO OF MY FINGERS.
AFTER THAT, MY WIFE,
SHE NOT COULD TAKE IT ANYMORE.
AND THEN THE LADY DOWNSTAIRS,
SHE CALLED THE COPS,
'CAUSE I, UH, I KEPT HER UP,
PACING ALL THE TIME.
- SO, NOW YOU WALK
THE STREETS AT NIGHT.
AND THIS ALL STARTED
A YEAR AGO?
- YES.
THE SWEATING TOO.
I CAN'T STAY DRY.
EVEN IN WINTER.
- ALDO, CAN I LOOK
IN YOUR EYES A MOMENT?
- WHAT IS IT, DOCTOR?
CAN YOU SEE
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?
- I MEAN,
HE'S CRAZY, RIGHT?
- ONLY FROM
AN UNDERLYING DISORDER.
HIS INSOMNIA, SWEATING,
AND EXTREME MYOSIS
ARE ALL SYMPTOMS
OF A KIND OF GENETIC,
NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEASE
CALLED
FATAL FAMILIAL INSOMNIA.
- NEVER HEARD OF IT.
- IT'S ONLY RECENTLY
BEEN DESCRIBED
IN THE LITERATURE.
IT MAINLY AFFECTS FAMILIES
FROM A SMALL TOWN
IN ITALY, LIKE HIS.
- AND BY "FATAL,"
YOU MEAN FATAL.
- MOST PATIENTS DIE
OF EXHAUSTION
WITHIN 15 MONTHS
OF THE FIRST SYMPTOMS.
- AND HE'S ALREADY
HAD IT FOR 12.
- WELL, HE COULD STILL BE
OUR KILLER.
I MEAN, CSU RAN
A SWATCH OF HIS SHIRT,
AND THAT'S
OUR VICTIM'S BLOOD ON IT.
- I DID SEE THIS MAN
MONDAY NIGHT,
AND I THINK
I REMEMBER WHERE.
THIS IS WHERE IT HAPPENED.
- IT'S WHERE WHAT HAPPENED?
- WHATEVER MAKE HIM BLOODY.
THAT'S HOW IT GOT
ON MY CLOTHES.
HE RUN--RUN INTO ME.
- OUT HERE IN THE ALLEY?
- NO, I--I WAS--
I WAS OVER THERE.
I WAS OUT WALKING
WHEN I HEARD A COMMOTION
IN THE ALLEY.
- WHAT COMMOTION?
LIKE, UH, PEOPLE YELLING?
- LIKE, UH,
SOMEONE BEING MURDERED.
I GOT SCARED.
I SLOWED DOWN.
THAT'S WHEN I SEE
THE GUY COME AROUND THE CORNER,
COVERED IN BLOOD,
AND HE RUN RIGHT INTO ME.
- YOU SEE HIS ATTACKER?
- [laughs]
I'M TOO BUSY
BEING KNOCKED DOWN.
- AND THAT WAS THE FIRST TIME
THAT YOU SAW THE BLOODY MAN.
- YEAH. HE DRESSED VERY NICE
LIKE THE OTHERS.
- LIKE WHAT OTHERS?
- LIKE THE ONES, UH,
FROM OVER THERE.
- WHAT IS THAT PLACE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
BUT A LOT OF TIMES
I WALK AROUND,
AND I SEE PEOPLE
COME IN AND OUT.
LIKE MONDAY NIGHT.
SO, UH,
I CAN GO NOW, RIGHT?
YOU--YOU SEE
I--I WAS TELLING THE TRUTH.
- YOU'VE BEEN
VERY HELPFUL, ALDO,
BUT I'D LIKE TO ADMIT YOU
TO A HOSPITAL, RUN SOME TESTS,
TRY TO UNDERSTAND
YOUR CONDITION BETTER.
- THEN YOU'LL CURE ME?
- I'LL DO EVERYTHING
I CAN FOR YOU.
COME ON.
- WELL, WE MIGHT'VE LOST
OUR MURDER SUSPECT...
BUT I'M THINKING OUR NEXT CLUE
IS BEHIND THIS DOOR.
- PLACE IS CALLED
"THE SWING SET.
NEW YORK DOT COM."
- IS THAT A SWINGER CLUB?
- I DON'T THINK SO.
I HAVEN'T SEEN
A SINGLE POLYESTER PANTSUIT.
- WELL,
THE SWING SET'S MOTTO
IS "NOT YOUR PARENTS'
PLAYGROUND."
"A NEW KIND OF
EROTIC ESTABLISHMENT."
- THEMED PLAY ROOMS,
S&M SHOWS,
SEXUALITY WORKSHOPS, FULL BAR,
AND A NIGHTLY BUFFET.
- REMIND ME TO STEER CLEAR
OF THE FINGER FOODS.
- IT ALSO SAYS,
"THE SWING SET IS OPEN
"TO SINGLES, COUPLES,
AND THREESOMES,
BUT NEW MEMBERS MUST BE INVITED
BY A CURRENT MEMBER."
- HOW DO YOU WANNA PLAY IT?
- TELL 'EM OUR GOOD FRIEND
JERRY INVITED US.
[indistinct chatter]
- WELCOME TO THE SWING SET.
I'M SUZETTE.
- HI, SUZETTE.
UH, THIS IS MY WIFE OLIVIA.
I'M ELLIOT.
- AND YOU WERE INVITED BY...
- FRIEND OF MY HUSBAND,
JERRY BULLARD.
- JERRY! ONE OF
OUR BEST MEMBERS.
FIRST TIME EXPERIENCING
THE LIFESTYLE?
- [chuckles]
- IS IT THAT OBVIOUS?
- YOU TWO ARE GONNA HAVE
A LOT OF FUN.
COME ON.
- CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING TO DRINK?
- UH, TWO CLUB SODAS.
- YEAH.
- SPIDER, TWO CLUB SODAS
FOR OUR NEW FRIENDS.
- COMING RIGHT UP.
- SO, UM...
SINCE THIS
IS OUR FIRST TIME,
IS IT OKAY IF WE JUST,
YOU KNOW...
- JUST WATCH?
- YES.
- ABSOLUTELY. DON'T FEEL
ANY PRESSURE TO DO ANYTHING.
YOU CAN WALK AROUND
AND MINGLE,
OR JUST SIT BACK, RELAX,
AND DRINK IT ALL IN,
ALTHOUGH WHAT YOU SEE
WILL BE VERY TEMPTING.
- ENJOY, FOLKS.
- THANK YOU.
- TO QUENCHING
YOUR EVERY THIRST.
- [chuckles]
[glasses clink]
- UH, SO,
UH, JERRY SAID
THAT HE WAS GONNA
BE HERE TONIGHT.
HAVE YOU SEEN HIM?
- NOT YET.
BUT YOU WANNA FIND JERRY,
JUST LOOK FOR CASSANDRA.
- WHO'S CASSANDRA?
- I'M SURPRISED
HE DIDN'T MENTION HER.
HE PROBABLY WANTS
TO KEEP HER ALL TO HIMSELF.
- [chuckles]
- OH, THERE SHE IS NOW.
- WOW, SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
- SEE WHAT I MEAN
ABOUT TEMPTATION?
[whispering]
- ELLIOT, OLIVIA.
- HI.
- GLAD YOU COULD MAKE IT.
- NOT HALF AS GLAD AS WE ARE.
- [chuckles]
- DO YOU MIND IF YOUR HUSBAND
BUYS ME A DRINK?
- WELL, IF HE DOESN'T,
I WILL.
- WHAT'LL YOU HAVE?
- SCOTCH ON THE ROCKS,
SPLASH OF WATER.
- COMING RIGHT UP.
- SO, UH, SUZETTE SAYS
YOU KNOW OUR FRIEND JERRY.
- YEAH.
JERRY AND I PLAYED TOGETHER
JUST THE OTHER NIGHT.
I--I HOPE HE DIDN'T GIVE YOU
ALL THE DETAILS
AND SPOIL THE FUN.
- JERRY DIDN'T SAY A WORD,
EXCEPT THAT WE SHOULD
COME HERE AND PLAY TOO.
- UH...
- HI.
- I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
HERE BEFORE.
- NO. I'M OLIVIA.
I'M A NEWBIE.
- OH. WE LOVE NEWBIES.
- [laugh]
- ELLIOT.
- MM-HMM?
- COME HERE.
I WANNA SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
- RELAX, OLIVIA.
YOU'RE SAFE WITH US.
- PROBABLY.
all: [laugh]
- A LITTLE CROWDED
IN HERE.
- I LIKE THE ENERGY
A LITTLE BETTER.
- HMM.
- SO, WHAT DO YOU DO?
- I'M INTO AVIATION DESIGN
LIKE JERRY.
- [laugh]
I DON'T MEAN
FOR A LIVING.
OLIVIA'S LOVELY.
- YEAH...
- I'M A LITTLE SURPRISED
YOU'RE WILLING TO, UH,
SHARE HER
WITH ANYONE ELSE.
- WE'RE JUST TRYING
TO BROADEN OUR HORIZONS.
[sighs]
WHAT'S JERRY INTO?
- EVERYTHING.
- HMM.
- WE HAD A LOT OF FUN
MONDAY NIGHT.
- YEAH?
- YEAH.
POOR THING.
HE HAD TOO MUCH TO DRINK.
HE WENT OUTSIDE FOR SOME AIR,
AND I LOST TRACK OF HIM.
- OH.
DID YOU SEE
WHO HE LEFT WITH?
- YOU ASK A LOT OF QUESTIONS
ABOUT JERRY.
ARE YOU--I MEAN,
IT'S TOTALLY COOL
IF YOU TWO ARE...
both: [laugh]
- NO, JERRY'S MY PAL.
both: [chuckle]
- GOOD.
YOU'RE INTO WOMEN.
- MM.
HOW INTO WOMEN ARE YOU?
- WELL, ELLIOT AND I HAVE BEEN
INTO EACH OTHER FOR SO LONG
THAT, UH,
WE DECIDED TO...
SPREAD OUR WINGS
A LITTLE.
- YOU FLEW
TO THE RIGHT PLACE.
- WHO EXTENDED
THE INVITATION?
- UH, JERRY BULLARD.
YOU KNOW HIM, RIGHT?
- WE'VE MET JERRY
A COUPLE TIMES.
HARD TO GET
HIS ATTENTION, THOUGH.
- HE ONLY HAS EYES
FOR CASSANDRA.
A LOT OF PEOPLE DO.
- CAN YOU BLAME THEM?
both: [laugh]
- SEE? EVEN HER.
- YOU KNOW,
SINCE I'M NEW HERE,
I--I WAS SORT OF WONDERING,
HOW DO, UH,
HOW DO YOU TWO
DEAL WITH THE JEALOUSY?
- I NEVER GET JEALOUS.
I MEAN, WHAT'S THE FUN
IF YOU'RE NOT OPEN
TO EVERYONE
AND EVERYTHING?
- MM, I TELL THAT TO OLIVIA
ALL THE TIME.
- WELL, I WISH MORE MEN
WERE LIKE YOU.
SOME CAN GET,
UH, POSSESSIVE.
- IS THAT HOW
YOU GOT THIS SCAR?
- YOU'RE VERY OBSERVANT.
- I LIKE THE VIEW.
- THIS IS COURTESY
OF MY EX-BOYFRIEND DOUG.
- DOUG?
- [sighs deeply]
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, SOME MEN JUST
CAN'T HANDLE THE LIFESTYLE.
- MM-HMM.
- HE...JUST COULDN'T.
IT TAKES A MAN
WITH REAL CONFIDENCE, YOU KNOW?
- IS MY HUSBAND SAFE
WITH CASSANDRA?
- [chuckles]
ONLY DANGER HERE IS HAVING
TOO MUCH OF A GOOD TIME.
- UNLESS DOUG COMES IN AGAIN.
- WHO'S DOUG?
- CASSANDRA'S EX-BOYFRIEND.
UH, HE WON'T LEAVE HER ALONE.
- OR THE GUY
SHE HOOKS UP WITH.
DOUG MADE A BIG SCENE
IN HERE A WEEK AGO.
WE WERE ALL
IN THE PLAY ROOM...
- JERRY AND I
WERE HAVING FUN
WHEN ALL OF A SUDDEN
WE HEARD THIS, UH,
YELLING OUT AT THE BAR.
- DOUG STORMED IN
THE FRONT DOOR.
I HEARD SUZETTE TELL SPIDER
TO THROW HIM OUT,
BUT BEFORE HE COULD,
DOUG CAME BARGING
INTO THE PLAY ROOM.
- SCREAMING ABOUT
HOW I BELONG TO HIM
AND ANY MAN WHO TOUCHES ME
IS GONNA GET HIS ASS KICKED.
- DID HE ATTACK JERRY?
- HE TRIED.
BUT THEN JERRY JUMPED UP
AND GOT IN DOUG'S FACE
AND TOLD HIM
HE WAS GONNA KICK HIS ASS.
- JERRY'S USUALLY
A QUIET GUY.
- YEAH, BUT THAT NIGHT,
HE WAS AMAZING.
I MEAN, JUST THE ENERGY
COMING OFF HIM...
[inhales sharply]
I WAS SO TURNED ON
AFTER THAT.
- EVERYONE WAS.
I WAS WITH
JERRY'S WIFE JANE.
SHE PUSHED ME DOWN
ON THE COUCH
AND SCREWED ME
LIKE AN ANIMAL.
- [exhales]
- JERRY DIDN'T SAY
THAT HE BROUGHT HIS WIFE.
- WHY DIDN'T I TELL YOU?
YOU WANNA GUESS?
- WE'RE JUST SAYING
THAT IT WOULD'VE HELPED
TO HAVE KNOWN
ALL THE FACTS,
ESPECIALLY ABOUT
THE SWING SET.
- I'M SORRY.
I SHOULD'VE MENTIONED IT.
I'M JUST SO USED
TO GETTING THE LOOK.
- WHAT LOOK?
- THE ONE YOU'RE
GIVING ME RIGHT NOW.
YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND SWING,
SO YOU MUST BE DEVIANTS.
THE LIFESTYLE IS NOT
WHAT YOU THINK IT IS,
AND IT ISN'T ILLEGAL.
- FAIR ENOUGH.
- [sighs]
BUT WHAT DOES THIS
HAVE TO DO WITH JERRY?
- WELL, HE WAS NOT
ON HIS WAY
TO WASHINGTON, D.C.
MONDAY NIGHT.
HE WAS AT THE SWING SET.
HE WAS ATTACKED
OUTSIDE THAT PLACE.
- BUT...
[sighs]
WE PROMISED EACH OTHER
WE WOULD ALWAYS
GO TOGETHER
AND WE WOULD LEAVE
TOGETHER.
- EVEN THOUGH YOUR HUSBAND
WAS VERY FOND
OF ANOTHER WOMAN THERE?
- CASSANDRA.
EVERYONE'S FOND OF HER.
NOT ME.
WOMEN AREN'T MY THING.
- BUT YOU HAD NO PROBLEM
WITH THOSE TWO BEING TOGETHER.
- THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT
OF GOING.
IF CASSANDRA EXCITES JERRY,
THEN I'M EXCITED FOR HIM.
- DID YOU EVER WORRY
ABOUT CASSANDRA'S EX?
I UNDERSTAND THERE
WAS A CONFRONTATION THERE
A WEEK AGO?
- OH, GOD.
YOU--YOU THINK DOUG
ATTACKED JERRY?
- WELL, YOUR HUSBAND
DID GET IN HIS FACE.
WHAT'S DOUG'S LAST NAME?
- NO ONE KNOWS
LAST NAMES THERE.
- DO YOU THINK
YOU COULD DESCRIBE HIM
TO A SKETCH ARTIST?
- EASILY.
THE GUY'S A CREEP.
- WELL, WELL, WELL,
LOOK WHO IS BACK.
- HEY. HOW ARE YA?
- I THOUGHT I'D
SCARED YOU OFF LAST NIGHT.
- NO, NO, IT WASN'T YOU.
IT WAS US.
WE WERE BOTH
GETTING A LITTLE, UH...
- [indistinct whispering]
- WORKED UP.
- OH.
DOES THAT MEAN TONIGHT YOU'RE
GONNA DO MORE THAN WATCH?
[engine roars]
- EL, HEADS UP.
DOUG'S ON THE WAY IN.
- CASSANDRA!
- DOUG, I TOLD YOU
YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE.
[thud, glasses clank]
- GET AWAY
FROM MY GIRLFRIEND.
- I WILL
WHEN SHE ASKS ME TO.
- DOUG, LEAVE US ALONE.
- NOW YOU'RE "US"?
YOU AND THIS PRICK?
MAN, GET OUT OF HERE.
- FREEZE.
- YOU DON'T PLAY WELL
WITH OTHERS, DOUG.
- WHO THE HELL ARE YOU PEOPLE?
- NYPD. EVERYBODY RELAX.
- YOU'RE A COP?
- YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK?
WE HAVE A KNIFE HERE.
IT LOOKS BRAND NEW.
- WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR OLD ONE, DOUG?
YOU LEAVE IT STUCK
IN JERRY BULLARD'S CROTCH?
- GET OFF ME.
I AIN'T GOING ANYWHERE.
- SHUT UP AND WALK.
- CASSANDRA, I NEED YOU
TO COME DOWN TO THE PRECINCT.
- "DOUG LOVELESS."
EVEN YOUR NAME SAYS
YOU CAN'T KEEP A GIRLFRIEND.
- [scoffs]
GO TO HELL.
- DOUG YOUR REAL NAME?
- YOU RAN MY PRINTS.
ANYTHING POP?
- NO, AND THAT MAKES ME
EVEN MORE SUSPICIOUS.
YOU'RE GONNA BE HERE
FOR A WHILE, PAL.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL
HAVE SOMETHING TO DRINK.
- YEAH, SO YOU CAN RUN
MY DNA OFF THE CUP.
- SEE? YOU DO KNOW
HOW COPS WORK.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU HAVEN'T
BEEN ARRESTED BEFORE.
- SPINNING YOUR WHEELS.
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
- EXCEPT BARGE INTO A CLUB
THAT YOU HAD BEEN BANNED FROM
AND ASSAULTING A FEW PEOPLE
TO GET INTO MY FACE.
- I BROKE A GLASS.
YOU LAID HANDS ON ME FIRST.
- I WON'T BE TESTIFYING
TO THAT, BADASS.
YOU TAKE SWINGS AT ANYONE
WHO JUST LOOKS AT CASSANDRA?
IS THAT IT?
- THE GUYS IN THAT CLUB
DO A HELL OF A LOT MORE
THAN LOOK.
- SO, YOU SHOW THE GIRL
WHO DUMPED YOU
WHAT A BIG, SCARY MAN
YOU ARE, HUH?
- IF CASSANDRA'S SO SCARED,
THEN WHERE IS SHE?
SHOULDN'T SHE BE HERE
PRESSING CHARGES,
FILING A RESTRAINING ORDER?
- [sighs]
- I DON'T BLAME YA.
LETTING HER
UNDER YOUR SKIN.
SHE'S A FINE PIECE OF ASS.
BUT THEN, YOU KNOW,
YOU PLAYED THE BIG HERO.
SHE DIDN'T EVEN STICK AROUND
FOR A KISS GOOD-BYE.
- YEAH, WELL, WHERE'D YOU GET
THE SCRAPE ON YOUR FACE?
- YOU ROUGHING ME UP.
- NO, NO, NO.
THAT'S ALL SCABBED OVER.
THAT'S A COUPLE DAYS OLD.
YOU GET IT FROM
ATTACKING JERRY BULLARD
OUTSIDE THE SWING SET
MONDAY NIGHT?
- WHO?
- WHO? THE GUY THAT
YOU LEFT YOUR KNIFE IN.
THAT'S WHY YOU
HAD TO GET A NEW ONE.
- [laughs]
I DIDN'T STAB ANYBODY.
LOOK, I LOST MY OLD KNIFE
THE SAME WAY
THAT I GOT THIS SCRAPE.
56TH STREET, SOME IDIOT
OPENS UP HIS DOOR INTO TRAFFIC.
I HAD TO LAY MY BIKE DOWN.
- AND I'M SURE YOU HAVE
AN INSURANCE CLAIM
TO PROVE THAT.
- I KICKED IN HIS WINDOW.
WE CALLED IT EVEN.
I WANT A LAWYER.
- WELL, HE DIDN'T
COUGH UP MUCH.
- YOU CAN GIVE IT A SHOT
IF YOU WANT.
- IF HE'S THE GUY
THAT ATTACKED BULLARD--
- JILL, YOU DIDN'T SEE
THE RAGE ON HIS FACE
WHEN HE STORMED
INTO THAT CLUB.
- HIS FACE
WON'T PUT HIM AWAY.
WE HAVE NOTHING PROVING
HE WAS IN THAT ALLEY MONDAY
OR TYING HIM TO THE KNIFE
FOUND IN THE VICTIM.
- OKAY, WELL, CASSANDRA SAYS
HE GOES IN THERE ALL THE TIME,
THREATENING HER
OR ANY GUY SHE'S WITH.
- AND WHEN SHE GETS
THE CHANCE TO HELP THE COPS,
SHE BOLTS.
WE CAN'T NAIL
THIS CREEP YET.
- THEN LET JERRY DO IT.
HE JUST WOKE UP.
- I'M SORRY.
I REALLY AM.
- MR. BULLARD,
THIS ISN'T YOUR FAULT.
- I LIED.
I DID A LOT OF BAD THINGS.
- DAD, WHY DIDN'T YOU
GO TO D.C.?
- JANETTE, MAYBE WE SHOULD
GO OUT IN THE HALLWAY
FOR A LITTLE BIT.
- NO, NO, NO. SHE--
SHE NEEDS TO HEAR THE TRUTH
ABOUT HER FATHER.
HONEY, I, UM,
I GOT INVOLVED IN, UH,
THIS PLACE...
AND I FELL IN LOVE
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
- WHAT ABOUT MOM?
- I NEVER WANTED
TO HURT HER OR YOU.
- WHO IS SHE?
- HER NAME IS CASSANDRA.
I NEVER EXPECTED IT
TO HAPPEN.
IT'S JUST WHEN I--
WHEN I FIRST MET HER,
I--I JUST--
I FELT--I FELT--
- ALIVE AGAIN.
- YES.
I HEADED TO THE AIRPORT.
THEN I THOUGHT,
WHAT AM I DOING?
I DON'T CARE ABOUT
STUPID AIRPLANE TIRES.
ALL I WANTED TO DO
IS BE WITH CASSANDRA.
- OKAY, SO, WHAT HAPPENED
AFTER YOU SAW HER?
DO YOU REMEMBER
WHO ATTACKED YOU?
- HELL YES.
HER.
- YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
- YEAH, WE DO.
YOU TRIED TO KILL
YOUR HUSBAND.
- I LOVE JERRY.
- I KNOW YOU LOVED HIM.
YOU TOOK CARE OF HIM.
YOU GAVE HIM
A BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER.
AND HOW DOES HE REPAY YOU?
HE DRAGS YOU TO A SEX CLUB.
- WHERE HE TRADES YOU IN
FOR A YOUNGER MODEL.
- OH, PLEASE.
YOU THINK MEN ARE THE ONLY ONE
WHO WANT SOMETHING DIFFERENT?
MEN ARE THE ONLY ONE
WHO GET TIRED
OF THE SAME OLD
SUNDAY MORNING SEX,
SAME OLD POSITION?
- SO, ARE YOU SAYING THAT
THE SWING SET WAS YOUR IDEA?
- I TOLD YOU,
JERRY IS MR. VANILLA.
- AND YOU DIDN'T CARE
ABOUT CASSANDRA.
- I ONLY CARED
ABOUT HIM SCREWING US,
DESTROYING OUR FUTURE!
[cries]
JERRY...
JERRY WAS TAKING MONEY
OUT OF MY CHECKING ACCOUNT.
JANETTE'S COLLEGE FUND!
$30,000, $40,000, $50,000,
ALL OF IT COMING OUT
OF OUR POCKETS
AND GOING INTO HERS.
[sighs]
OH, DEEP DOWN...
I KNEW
HE WOULDN'T GO TO D.C.
I CALLED THE HOTEL.
THEY CONFIRMED
HE NEVER CHECKED IN.
- AND YOU KNEW
WHERE HE WAS.
- [laughs]
A VOICE INSIDE OF ME
SAID, "DON'T GO.
YOU'LL DO SOMETHING BAD."
I JUST SAT IN
THE DARK HOUSE, DRINKING.
- UNTIL YOU
GRABBED THE KNIFE.
- I--I WENT DOWN
TO THE CLUB.
I WAITED IN THE ALLEY,
AND WHEN HE CAME OUT,
I CALLED HIM OVER,
AND BEFORE I KNEW IT,
I WAS STABBING HIM.
- AND YOU GRABBED
HIS WALLET AND HIS PHONE
TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE
HE WAS MUGGED.
- I SWEAR, WHEN YOU
CAME BY THE NEXT DAY
AND TOLD ME HE WAS ALIVE,
I WAS HAPPY.
I WAS JUST SO DRUNK
THE NIGHT BEFORE,
AND I WAS SO ANGRY
ABOUT THE MONEY!
I...
[cries]
I WAS GONNA BEG FORGIVENESS
THE MOMENT HE WOKE UP.
[crying]
OH, GOD.
- IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE
IT'S NOT THAT DIRTBAG.
- SO, WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
- YOU LET HIM GO.
WIFE CONFESSES,
DIRTBAG WALKS.
- BARGING INTO THE SWING SET
IS TRESPASSING.
- THE CLUB WOULD HAVE
TO PRESS CHARGES.
THEY DON'T WANT
THE PUBLICITY.
- HE TORE UP THE PLACE.
THAT'S CRIMINAL MISCHIEF.
- SO, GIVE HIM A DESK TICKET
AND SEND HIM PACKING.
WITH THE KNIFE.
- THAT'S A WEAPON.
- UNDER FOUR INCHES.
A TOTALLY LEGAL ONE.
- LET'S CUT HIM LOOSE.
- I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU CLOWNS
TO GET ME A LAWYER.
- IT'S YOUR LUCKY DAY.
YOU'RE LEAVING.
- IT'S OUR LUCKY DAY TOO.
- OH...
COULDN'T MAKE YOUR CASE.
THAT'S GOTTA STING.
- THE ONLY PAIN
IS GONNA BE YOURS
IF YOU DON'T STAY AWAY
FROM CASSANDRA.
- RIGHT BACK AT YA.
- YOU'RE REALLY BENT
ON BEING A DUMBASS, HUH?
- I'M JUST TELLING YOU
HOW IT IS, OFFICER.
- NO, HERE'S HOW IT IS.
GET OUT.
- HAVE A NICE DAY.
- GUY'S GOT MORE BALLS
THAN BRAINS.
- AND BARELY ANY
OF EITHER.
- WELL, HE'S GONNA GO
RIGHT BACK AFTER CASSANDRA,
AND IT'S GONNA BE HARD
FOR US TO PROTECT HER
IF SHE'S IN THE WIND.
- I'LL PUT LIV AND ELLIOT
ON HIS TAIL
SO HE DOESN'T GET
THE CHANCE.
[engine roars]
- CASSANDRA!
- [laughs]
- THEY'RE LOVERS.
- AND WE'VE BEEN PLAYED.
- THAT'S ENOUGH!
GET DOWN HERE.
- WHAT THE HELL?
- ELLIOT,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- PUTTING AN END
TO THE CHARADE.
YOU'RE BOTH UNDER ARREST.
- FOR WHAT?
- FOR RIPPING PEOPLE OFF.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'VE ARRESTED ME.
I'M A VICTIM.
- YOU'RE A CON ARTIST.
SIT DOWN.
- AND WHAT ARE YOU,
DETECTIVE?
- I'M JUST DOING MY JOB.
I'M NOT FLEECING GUYS
LIKE JERRY BULLARD
OUT OF THEIR LIFE SAVINGS.
- EXCUSE ME?
- WE FIGURED OUT YOUR SCAM.
YOU GO TO SEX CLUBS,
YOU BAT YOUR EYELASHES,
YOU SUCK MEN
INTO YOUR WEB,
AND THEN YOU SPIN A STORY
ABOUT HOW YOU'RE TERRIFIED
OF YOUR OLD BOYFRIEND,
AND YOU FLASH THAT
NECK SCAR OF YOURS AS PROOF.
- SO, THAT'S
WHEN YOU BARGE IN,
MAKING ALL SORTS
OF JEALOUS THREATS,
AND THEN ONCE YOU LEAVE,
CASSANDRA FALLS
INTO THIS DUPE'S ARMS,
BEGGING FOR HELP.
NOW, HE'S
SO HEAD OVER HEELS
THAT HE'LL JUST COUGH UP
ABOUT ANYTHING SHE WANTS,
RIGHT?
SPENDING MONEY,
A NEW CAR,
MAYBE NEW CLOTHES,
AND A NEW HAIRDO
SO YOU WON'T RECOGNIZE HER.
- YOU HAVE GOT
A GOOD IMAGINATION, LADY.
- SO DO YOU, STEVE.
- MY NAME IS DOUG.
- YEAH, IT IS ON YOUR
NEW YORK DRIVER'S LICENSE.
SEE, BUT WE TOSSED
YOUR LITTLE GRIFTER LOVE NEST,
AND WE FOUND
ALL SORTS OF ALIASES, HUH?
STEVE HARLAN
FROM CALIFORNIA,
JUDD FLEISS, MICHIGAN.
OH, AND MIKE PROGELHOF,
ALABAMA.
THEY JUST KEEP ON GOING.
JUDY VACARRO
FROM CONNECTICUT,
REBECCA FRANKLIN
FROM ILLINOIS,
AND, OF COURSE,
CASSANDRA DAVINA
FROM NEW YORK, WHICH,
AND I GOTTA TELL YA,
THIS IS BY FAR
THE SEXIEST.
- ELLIOT.
- HMM?
- LET ME EXPLAIN.
- NO, LET ME EXPLAIN.
YOU PREY
ON MIDDLE-AGED MEN...
AND THEIR MIDDLE-AGED LIVES,
AND YOU TELL 'EM
HOW SPECIAL THEY ARE,
AND THEN YOU DRAIN 'EM DRY,
AND YOU SKIP TOWN
WITH YOUR BOY DOUG
OR WHATEVER HIS NAME IS.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
I KNEW YOU WERE SMARTER
THAN ALL THE REST.
- YOU REALLY
CAN'T HELP YOURSELF, CAN YOU?
- SO, YOU TWO RIP MEN OFF,
AND YOU KNEW THAT YOUR VICTIMS
WOULDN'T RAT YOU OUT.
I MEAN, WHO WANTS
TO TELL THE COPS
THAT YOU'RE A PATSY
AND A SWINGER?
- IF NOBODY'S COMPLAINING,
THEN YOU AIN'T GOT NO CASE.
- OH, WE HAVE A CASE.
LARCENY, FRAUD,
SCHEME TO DEFRAUD,
CRIMINAL IMPERSONATION.
EVERY TIME
YOU RUN OUT OF MONEY,
YOU FIND ANOTHER VICTIM.
- GOOD LUCK GETTING
ANY OF THOSE SO-CALLED VICTIMS
ON THE STAND.
- YEAH?
I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT WE CAN CONVINCE
JERRY BULLARD.
- THE THING IS...
HE GAVE ME MONEY
OUT OF THE GOODNESS...
OF HIS OWN HEART.
- WELL, AFTER YOU TOLD HIM
THE BIG, BAD WOLF
WAS AFTER YOU.
- JERRY LOVES ME.
- MM.
WELL, YOU KNOW
WHAT THE BEST PART
ABOUT ALL THIS IS?
ONCE WE'RE DONE WITH YOU,
YOU AND BIKER BOY
GET A FREE TRIP TO MIAMI.
- MIAMI?
- MM-HMM.
- WHAT'S IN MIAMI?
- THERE'S A SWINGERS CLUB
YOU TWO HIT LAST SUMMER.
THE OPEN DOOR.
- HMM. NEVER HEARD OF IT.
- REALLY? BECAUSE
THE NAME PRISCILLA CRUZ
SURE RANG A BELL
WITH THE MIAMI P.D.
IT TURNS OUT YOU AND DOUGIE
ARE PERSONS OF INTEREST
IN THE DEATH OF A SWINGER
NAMED CLAUDE BAILEY.
- NOW, YOU REMEMBER CLAUDE,
DON'T YOU?
HE ENDED UP FACE DOWN
IN A POOL OF BLOOD.
BANK ACCOUNT DRAINED
TO THE TUNE OF $50,000.
- ME AND CASS
WERE NEVER IN MIAMI.
- OF COURSE
YOU DON'T WANNA ADMIT IT.
IT'S THE PLACE
WHERE YOU FINALLY SCREWED UP.
YES, YOU LEFT TOWN
WITHOUT LEAVING FINGERPRINTS,
BUT, UH,
GOOD OLD CLAUDE HERE
GOT A PIECE OF ONE OF YA.
- YEAH, MIAMI P.D.
FOUND SKIN CELLS
UNDERNEATH
CLAUDE'S FINGERNAILS,
AND I BET THAT AS SOON AS
WE SEND YOUR DNA SAMPLES
DOWN TO 'EM,
IT'S GONNA TELL US A STORY
ABOUT WHO MURDERED HIM.
UNLESS YOU
WANNA SAVE SOME TIME
AND JUST TELL ME YOURSELF
RIGHT NOW.
YOU KNOW?
'CAUSE YOU LIKE ME SO MUCH MORE
THAN ALL THOSE OTHER GUYS.
- WELL...
[door opens]
- MY CLIENT DOESN'T HAVE
TO ANSWER THAT.
- YOUR CLIENT?
- I DON'T HAVE A LAWYER.
- YOU DO NOW.
BY REQUEST OF ANOTHER CLIENT
OF MINE, JERRY BULLARD.
- YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME.
- I'M NOT.
NOW, IF I CAN HAVE THE ROOM.
- YEAH.
- TOLD YOU HE LOVES ME.
- A LOT OF CHARGES HERE,
MS. HARDWICKE.
I HOPE YOU AREN'T TRYING
TO SUBSTITUTE
QUANTITY FOR QUALITY.
- YOUR HONOR, THE DEFENDANTS
ARE SERIAL CON ARTISTS
WHO'VE DEFRAUDED
COUNTLESS VICTIMS.
- THEN WHY ISN'T THE GALLERY
OVERFLOWING WITH THEM?
- ONE IS SEATED RIGHT THERE.
JERRY BULLARD.
- YOU MEAN THE MAN
WHO'S WILLINGLY PAYING
FOR MY CLIENT'S DEFENSE.
- THAT'S IRRELEVANT.
- MR., UH...SHANKMAN.
- UH...
- WANNA PIPE IN HERE
ON BEHALF OF YOUR CLIENT?
- YES, YES.
MY CLIENT WOULD LIKE TO PLEAD
NOT GUILTY, YOUR HONOR.
- AS DOES MINE.
- AND THE PEOPLE REQUEST REMAND
FOR BOTH DEFENDANTS
WHO'VE DISPLAYED QUITE A TALENT
FOR TRICKERY, COERCION,
AND THREATS.
BOTH USE ALIASES,
BOTH LACK COMMUNITY TIES,
AND BOTH ARE
AN EXTREME FLIGHT RISK.
- UH, YOUR HONOR, I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THIS OTHER SUSPECT,
BUT MY CLIENT HAS
NO HISTORY OF VIOLENCE
AND HAS NEVER BEEN CHARGED
WITH A CRIME.
- UH, ME NEITHER. I'VE NEVER
EVEN BEEN FINGERPRINTED.
- SIR, IF YOU
HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY,
YOU NEED TO SAY IT
THROUGH COUNSEL.
- BUT HE'S
NOT SAYING ANYTHING.
- YOUR HONOR, IN ADDITION
TO THE CHARGES BEFORE YOU,
THE DEFENDANTS
ARE ALSO SUSPECTS
IN AN OUT-OF-STATE MURDER.
IT WOULD BE IRRESPONSIBLE
TO ALLOW THEM TO GO--
- ARE YOU ASKING
FOR AN EXTRADITION HOLD?
- WELL, NO.
SPECIAL VICTIMS COLLECTED
THE DEFENDANTS' DNA
AND SENT IT TO MIAMI P.D.,
BUT WE'RE STILL
AWAITING CONFIRMATION.
- THEN YOU'RE TAP-DANCING
WHILE I SHOULD BE AT LUNCH.
BAIL WILL BE SET
FOR EACH DEFENDANT
AT $250,000.
BOTH WILL SURRENDER
THEIR PASSPORTS.
[bangs gavel]
- DON'T WORRY, CASSANDRA.
I'M GONNA GO POST
YOUR BAIL RIGHT NOW.
- THANK YOU, SWEETHEART.
- [indistinct]
- CASS,
WHAT ABOUT MY BAIL?
YOU'RE NOT JUST
GONNA LEAVE ME HERE.
- SORRY, I HAVE TO GO.
- BACKSTABBING BITCH!
- I'LL BE WAITING
FOR YOU OUTSIDE.
- THANK YOU, SWEETHEART.
THANK YOU.
- YOU ARE MAKING
A FOOL OF YOURSELF.
- NO, I'M NOT.
- SHE'S PLAYING YOU.
CASSANDRA IS NOT
EVEN HER REAL NAME.
- THAT'S HER NAME WITH ME.
CASSANDRA LOVES ME
JUST AS MUCH AS I LOVE HER.
NOW LEAVE ME THE HELL ALONE.
- THINK CASSANDRA
WILL MANAGE OUT THERE
WITHOUT HER PARTNER
IN CRIME?
- OH, I'M SURE SHE'LL HAVE
NO PROBLEM RUINING LIVES
ALL ON HER OWN.
- THANK YOU.
[slams down phone receiver]
- WHAT'S UP?
- MIAMI P.D. JUST CALLED.
SAY THEY FAXED OVER
THE DNA RESULTS.
THEY SAY WE GOTTA READ IT
TO BELIEVE IT.
[fax machine whirrs]
SKIN CELLS UNDER
THE DEAD GUY'S FINGERNAILS
ARE A PERFECT MATCH TO DNA
ON THE BOYFRIEND.
- THAT'S IT? DOESN'T SURPRISE ME
DOUG KILLED THE GUY.
- YEAH, WELL,
THERE'S ONE MORE THING
THE DNA SAMPLE FROM DOUG
AND CASSANDRA REVEALED.
- THEY'RE RELATED?
- YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH A WOMAN
WHO'S BEEN HAVING SEX
WITH HER BROTHER.
- THAT'S A LIE.
YOU JUST WANNA RUIN
WHAT I HAVE.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, JERRY?
WE REALLY DON'T CARE.
BUT IF CASSANDRA
IS BANGING HER BROTHER,
THEN WHAT ELSE
IS SHE CAPABLE OF?
DO YOU REALLY WANT
YOUR DAUGHTER AROUND THAT?
- MAYBE IT'S ALL A MISTAKE.
I MEAN,
HOW DO YOU REALLY KNOW
THAT THEY
WERE SLEEPING TOGETHER?
- OKAY, WELL,
THE DAY WE RELEASED DOUG,
HE RAN
INTO CASSANDRA'S ARMS
AND RAMMED HIS TONGUE
DOWN HER THROAT.
- WE ALSO FOUND A USED CONDOM
AT THEIR PLACE
UNDER THE ONLY BED.
- OH, MY GOD.
BUT I LOVE HER...
IN A WAY
I NEVER FELT WITH JANE.
I LOVE CASSANDRA
WITH EVERY BIT OF MY HEART.
WE'RE SOUL MATES.
[sighs]
UH, I--I GAVE UP
MY WHOLE LIFE
TO BE WITH HER.
- WELL, WELL, WELL,
MOVING ON UP, HUH?
NEW HOME, NEW LIFE.
- JERRY INVITED ME
TO LIVE WITH HIM.
SAYS WE'LL HAVE
THE WHOLE PLACE TO OURSELVES.
- WELL, GREAT. YOU CAN BANG HIM
IN EVERY ROOM OF THE HOUSE,
THE WHOLE TIME FANTASIZING
ABOUT YOUR BROTHER.
- WHAT DO YOU PEOPLE
WANT FROM ME?
- MM, TO HEAR YOU DEFEND IT.
- THERE'S NOTHING TO DEFEND.
WHAT DOUG AND I DO
IS TOTALLY CONSENSUAL.
- IT'S STILL INCEST.
- THAT WORD DOES NOT EVEN BEGIN
TO DESCRIBE WHAT WE HAVE.
- HOW ABOUT "SICK"?
UH, HOW ABOUT "DEPRAVED"?
- DOUG IS MY TWIN.
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
WE SHARE A SOUL.
EVER SINCE WE CAME TO BE
IN OUR MOTHER'S WOMB,
WE'VE BEEN TOGETHER.
WE ALWAYS WILL BE.
- IT'S STILL INCEST.
- TWINCEST.
- WE ARE NOTHING
WITHOUT EACH OTHER.
- WELL, GREAT.
YOU'LL JUST WANNA REMEMBER THAT
WHEN YOU'RE DOWN IN MIAMI,
TESTIFYING ON THE STAND
FOR DOUG'S MURDER TRIAL.
- HE'S NOT A MURDERER.
- AND YOU'RE NOT GONNA BE
HANGING OUT WITH JERRY BULLARD
LIKE A BIG, FAT TICK ANYMORE.
THAT'S ABOUT TO END.
HE WAS PRETTY WEIRDED OUT
WHEN WE DROPPED THE BOMB
ABOUT, UH, YOUR BROMANCE.
- YOU THINK
YOU'RE SO SMART?
I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH JERRY.
HE WASN'T WEIRDED OUT AT ALL.
IN FACT, HE SAID
I SHOULD GET HOME SOON,
BECAUSE HE HAS
THE PERFECT GIFT FOR ME,
FOR BOTH OF US.
WHAT?
[door hinges squeak]
- JERRY,
IT'S DETECTIVE STABLER!
- HEY, BAIL PAPERS
FOR DOUG.
- IT WAS EASY
GETTING HIM HERE.
I TOLD HIM
NO HARD FEELINGS,
CASSANDRA
WOULD BE HOME SOON.
HE PLOPPED DOWN,
I GAVE HIM A BEER.
HE NEVER EVEN SAW ME
PICK UP HIS KNIFE.
- JERRY,
STEP OUT OF THE WAY.
- NOW CASSANDRA AND I
CAN BE TOGETHER.
FOREVER.
RIGHT, HONEY?
[approaching footsteps]
- NO!
NO!
[crying]
OH, DON'T LEAVE ME.
[sobbing]
I CAN'T DO IT
WITHOUT YOU.
[crying]
- [sighs]